I have a serious problem urgently needed
something to eat you just look
how lovely
same steak free in the middle of the forest
need to eat sure to eat yes
no, well, are you kidding me
and so everything is empty hello my dear
friends with you i'm rick paw and this is ours
review of the fashion model in this series
I'll show you a mod that adds items.
trolling
Now you can mock your
friends they undermine poison shorter
mock black
let's consider these items which
add this mod first item
we will have a workbench an unusual workbench
crafted it so red dust dynamite and
in the center are ordinary ordinary workbench
Well, immediately this oven is fast
the same craft only stove in the center
so so and let's test bench
unusual workbench we put it
looks like normal but this workbench
there is an interesting feature
when you come up to him and try
open it with the right mouse button like this
nothing happens just now will
explosion
yes so what if you suddenly
met somewhere in the center
ordinary wood workbench immediately speak better
not fit because you can
get dynamite they're a workbench that's an oath
microphone and nothing happens something
It is why he is not doing anything right now
will now be really simple such
here's a blast check ok 'out
we choose the next item is with us
oven is the same situation as with the workbench
came up with an oath nothing happens to me
immediately unwound because it would
explosion and it will hurt you anyway
so we get out we get out
how does it work need to put here
here so activate and see throw
just shades appear
from the bottom of this workbench so nicely
Well life is ladnenko need careful
we drop it and let's look at
the following subjects the next subject and
detonator
and unusual bib really unusual
crafting it so iron bar dynamite
and the usual iron bib in the center
next is the detonator
iron bar gold bar block
red stone what does she do we
we put on just like an iron bib
but only behind here are such colored
squares are like wiring in front
like an ordinary iron bib nothing
distinguish now we take a detonator for example
there are such situations that you are somewhere in
the crowd and already like there is no point in fighting
next you just quickly take this one
right detonator and
happens with a scarlet such an explosion
believe everyone scatters unequivocally
let's be reborn and see yes
not bad 1 stove some bib
who can really scatter everyone
let's take a good look at
the following items are we yes yes
unusual food that can very cool
harm almost anyone
Well, another cheating subject
emerald but not the usual emerald this
Emerald can not be crafted and generally can not be
there is such a cheat thing which
present and good not
to craft and how does it work for
start we need to somehow harm ourselves
zombies will switch the view for what zombies
now we will see
you need to beat us like that
here so super super well come on come on
beat in-in super super now need
such move away and so here so here so
a little hunger you need everything there is a little
got hungry and now you can something
eat but immediately warn again
like with a workbench
suddenly somewhere in the middle of the forest or somewhere on
field
did you notice steak lies or else chicken
take don't take guys don't risk
crafted so spider eye 4 things and
usually fried chicken steak in the center
carrots potatoes ie kraft
standard so dough for example here i am
I found a chicken and eat here bam
slowness of poisoning fatigue
nausea
trace of the so hard to survive hard
survive really especially if somewhere
someone waiting around the corner and just
fits you and finishes all common
the actions of these all equally eat
potatoes are the same slowly from
poisoning fatigue nausea blind but
if you are some kind of admin and you have
this super cheat emerald you just
once bang bang will all
recovered here is such a mod for
trolling i hope this review you
liked you so much for
view and subscription and likes to new
meeting